Greeting from Local.

Signs of life were visible now on the beach. The sand, trembling beneath the heat haze, concealed
many figures in its miles of length; boys were making their way toward the platform through the hot,
dumb sand.

Three small children, no older than Johnny, appeared from startlingly close at hand, where they had
been gorging fruit in the forest. A dark little boy, not much younger than Piggy, parted a tangle of
undergrowth, walked on to the platform, and smiled cheerfully at everybody. More and more of
them came. Taking their cue from the innocent Johnny, they sat down on the fallen palm trunks and
waited. Ralph continued to blow short, penetrating blasts. Piggy moved among the crowd, asking
names and frowning to remember them. The children gave him the same simple obedience that
they had given to the men with megaphones. Some were naked and carrying their clothes; others
half-naked, or more or less dressed, in school uniforms, grey, blue, fawn, jacketed, or jerseyed.
There were badges, mottoes even, stripes of colour in stockings and pullovers.
Their heads clustered above the trunks in the green shade; heads brown, fair, black, chestnut, sandy,
mouse-coloured; heads muttering, whispering, heads full of eyes that watched Ralph and
speculated. Something was being done.

The children who came along the beach, singly or in twos, leapt into visibility when they crossed the
line from heat haze to nearer sand. Here, the eye was first attracted to a black, bat-like creature that
danced on the sand, and only later perceived the body above it. The bat was the child’s shadow,
shrunk by the vertical sun to a patch between the hurrying feet. Even while he blew, Ralph noticed
the last pair of bodies that reached the platform above a fluttering patch of black. The two boys,
bullet-headed and with hair like tow, flung themselves down and lay grinning and panting at Ralph
like dogs. They were twins, and the eye was shocked and incredulous at such cheery duplication.
They breathed together, they grinned together, they were chunky and vital. They raised wet lips at
Ralph, for they seemed provided with not quite enough skin, so that their profiles were blurred and
their mouths pulled open. Piggy bent his flashing glasses to them and could be heard between the
blasts, repeating their names. “Sam, Eric, Sam, Eric.”
Then he got muddled; the twins shook their heads and pointed at each other and the crowd
laughed.
At last Ralph ceased to blow and sat there, the conch trailing from one hand, his head bowed on his
knees. As the echoes died away so did the laughter, and there was silence.
